docs(guides,config) asset module follow up (#3382)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/asset-modules.md

Now webpack will automatically choose between `resource` and `inline` by following a default condition: a file with size less than 8kb will be treated as a `inline` module type and `resource` module type otherwise.

> You can change this condition by setting a [`Rule.parser.dataUrlCondition.maxSize`](/configuration/module/#ruleparserdataurlcondition) option on the module rule levelof your webpack configuration:

Author: ```suggestion
You can change this condition by setting a [`Rule.parser.dataUrlCondition.maxSize`](/configuration/module/#ruleparserdataurlcondition) option on the module rule level of your webpack configuration:
```
